Mr. Du's official statement
The crisis in our company has been lifted
What!
Purple Moon, are you kidding me?
This Du Chen unspoken rule female live streaming host thing
They are all rising online
How is it possible to solve it?
The photo is fake.
Now all the misinformation has been put on the Internet
It's all been deleted.
Impossible. I took the photo myself.
How could you possibly take it?
Third, it turns out that you are framing me
It's not me, it's none of my business
Are you still as stupid as ever?
I spread the news.
The beast must be satisfied with this photo
Are you brave?
Du Shao, I don't dare anymore
Du Shao Du Shao
I'll give you a chance.
Take these photos to your master
I'll give you 500,000 when it's done
Guaranteed to complete the task roll
Du Chen, you already knew
Intentionally frame me